#sidebar tocIcons

<font color="orange" size="6">The project has moved. </font><br><br><font color="orange" size="6">A dedicated website, with new features. </font><br><br><font color="orange" size="6">Follow this URL : </font>

= http://mapicons.nicolasmollet.com =

[http://mapicons.nicolasmollet.com http://google-maps-icons.googlecode.com/files/mic-smallcap.gif] 

<font color="#000000" size="6">*Contact*</font>

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

==Contact us==
===Nico===
My name is Nicolas Mollet. I am a web developer living in Paris, France. I started this project and I made most of the icons.

You can follow me on [http://www.twitter.com/nicomollet Twitter] and [http://friendfeed.com/nicomollet Friendfeed] 

E-mail me at _nico.mollet (at) gmail.com_

===Matthias===
My name is Matthias Stasiak aka. _(myBCN)_ on parts of this project. I am a half Swedish, half German tourist guide (among other) living in Barcelona, Spain. I joined Nico on this project after some months and am responsible many of the icons.

You can see the use of our icons on my [http://maps.google.se/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&hl=en&msa=0&msid=100992618111608626378.00046473953c4fdfed1c7&t=h&z=14 Google Barcelona Map], my [http://maps.google.se/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&hl=en&msa=0&t=h&z=10 Google Torrevieja Map] and later on my [http://maps.google.se/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&hl=en&msa=0&msid=100992618111608626378.00046e575cb28a0271e3f&t=h&z=13 Google Berlin Map]

You can also find another project of mine that has lot's of these icons on [http://www.myBCN.es/ www.myBCN.es], [http://www.myBCN.se/ www.myBCN.se] and [http://www.myBCN.co.uk/ www.myBCN.co.uk]

E-mail me at _matthias.stasiak (at) gmail.com_

===Thierry===
Hello I'm Thierry Milherou, half German, half French, Spanish and English speaking. I'm the webmaster of a ski resort in the French Alps, [http://www.laclusaz.com La Clusaz]. I joined this project as I'm part of the tourism industry and because I like to categorize and archive everything!

E-mail me at _milherou.thierry (at) gmail.com_

<BR>
=Donations=
[http://code.google.com/p/google-maps-icons/wiki/Donate https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_SM.gif] If you feel this project is useful to you and want to support it and it's future development [Donate please consider donating money].

<BR>
=Contribute or Make a Request=
If you designed your own icons and want to share and publish them in this project, please read about on [Contribute how to contribute]. If you have an idea and/or a suggestion for a new icon feel free to [http://code.google.com/p/google-maps-icons/issues/entry create a new Issue in the Issues tab].