#labels Featured
#sidebar tocIcons

<font color="#000000" size="6">*Donate*</font>

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

This project is created by Nicolas Mollet and is by no means affiliated with Google. Free time is used by all contributors to create and share icons for the Maps community. If you feel this project is useful to you and want to support it and it's future development please consider donating money.  We only ask for a small donation, but of course we appreciate any amount. 

==How to donate==
The easiest way to donate to the project is by sending money with *Paypal*.  You can donate with Paypal by using your credit card but note that Paypal will take a small processing fee if you don't already have a free Paypal account and don't feel like setting one up. If you prefer you can also transfer money by bank, send an [mailto:nico.mollet(at)gmail.com e-mail] to get the correct banking details.  If you want to remain anonymous and not have your name appear in the list below, please let us know. 

===How to donate by using Paypal===
Donating with Paypal is as quick and easy as 4 clicks and one amount away!

<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="12">
<tr>
<td valign="top" align="center">
[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=BFUWA6D29PK9Q&lc=US&item_name=Nicolas%20Mollet%20%28Map%20icons%20collection%29&item_number=map%20icons%20collection&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif]

to *Nico Mollet* (Project Creator & Contributor)

</td>
<td valign="top" align="center">
[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=Matthias%2eStasiak%40gmail%2ecom&lc=US&item_name=Matthias%20Stasiak%20%28Map%20Icons%20Collection%29&item_number=Map%20Icons%20Collection&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif]

to *Matthias Stasiak* _"myBCN"_ (Project Contributor)

</td>

<td valign="top" align="center">
[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=7D25HQU7FES88&lc=US&item_name=Thierry%20Milherou%20%28Map%20icons%20collection%29&item_number=map%20icons%20collection&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted https://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif]

to *Thierry Milherou* (Project Contributor)

</td>

</tr>
</table>

<wiki:comment>
_Click_ or _Right-click_ and choose "*Open Link in New Tab*" (FF) "*Open Link in New Window*" (IE) on one or both of the Donate icon above to be transferred to the Paypal site. There you start by entering your donation amount and _Click_ "*Update Total*" on the top of the page.  After that you either _log in_ to your existing Paypal account or _create a new_ one.  Once you have done this you have the option to "*Add special instructions to seller*", for instance that you want to remain anonymous, before you _Click_ the yellow "*Donate €*(your amount) *Now*"-button down to the right and you are done and we are very grateful.
</wiki:comment>

==People who made a donation==
A big Thank You goes out to :
 * 2nd February, 2011 - $10 by Galyna Karpenski of [http://www.1translate.com 1translate Russian Translation Company] from USA
 * 25th January, 2011 - 5€ by Hamdi Azis of [http://www.usedcarssearch.net/ Used Car Search Engine] from Indonesia
 * 12 January, 2011 - 10€ by Johannes Dach from Germany <wiki:comment>(breakfast; asked)</wiki:comment>
 * 25 August, 2010 - 5€ by Timon Reinhard from Germany
 * 4th July, 2010 - 1€ by Liz Gorinsky from USA
 * 12th May, 2010 - 150€ by Region Halland from Sweden (Paid work)
 * 30th March, 2010 - $6 by Larry from USA
 * 13th March, 2010 - $10 by Manuel Pumarada from USA
 * 5th March, 2010 - 5€ by John from USA
 * 11th February, 2010 - 20$ by Gary Grimm of [http://mountainvisions.com MountainVisions] from USA
 * 10th January, 2010 - 10€ by Douglas Cuff from Canada
 * 9th January, 2010 - 10€ by Marek Rygielski of [http://www.mia-ny.com/ Mia NY] from USA
 * 7th January, 2010 - 20€ by Charles Miles from Texas, USA
 * 25th December, 2009 - 5€ by Jarosław Basaj from Poland
 * 2nd December, 2009 - 15€ by Art from Canada
 * 21st November, 2009 - 10€ by Nicolaus V. from USA
 * 17th November, 2009 - 15€ by Justine of [http://www.Lbswireless.com Lbswireless], from Australia 
 * 30th October, 2009 - 16€ by Leo Geis of [http://www.idahoairships.com Idahoairships], from USA 
 * 28th October, 2009 - 15€ by Webmaster of [http://www.therealplaces.com The Real Places], from USA <wiki:comment>(stadium; asked)</wiki:comment>
 * 25th October, 2009 - 10€ by Charlie
 * 21st October, 2009 - 10€ by Vijay Nunna, from USA <wiki:comment>(tunnel, riparian, wetland; asked)</wiki:comment>
 * 9th October, 2009 - 5€ by Elaine Hollings of [http://www.southyorkshireentertainment.com Southyorkshireentertainment], from UK
 * 21st September, 2009 - 16€ by Leo Geis of [http://www.idahoairships.com Idahoairships], from USA 
 * 16th September, 2009 - US $10 by Jeff Gilfelt of [http://www.getlocationscout.com Location Scout], from UK  <wiki:comment>(contacted him about his app)</wiki:comment>
 * 5th August, 2009 - US $5 by Matt, from USA <wiki:comment>(fishing shop)</wiki:comment>
 * 4th August, 2009 - 60€ by Adam of [http://www.mellowfish.com Mellowfish], from UK (Paid work)
 * 31st July, 2009 - US $15 by Shane Mcnally, from Australia <wiki:comment>(football, rugby, balloons)</wiki:comment>


We are very, very grateful for your contributions!